[RHACS] Release notes for 3.67.1 (#39540)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/367-release-notes.adoc

[id="new-runtimeclass-policy-criteria"]
=== Runtime Class policy criteria

> Users can now use {product-title-short} to define the container runtime configuration that may be used to run a pod's containers using the *Runtime Class* policy criteria.

Reviewer: Replace `may` with `might`. IBM style guide, pages 362-363.

> Users can now use {product-title-short} to define the container runtime configuration that may be used to run a pod's containers using the *Runtime Class* policy criteria.

Reviewer: In this case, I believe `may` should be replaced with `can`. Per the IBM style guide, `can` should be used to indicate ability. (page 363).

[id="important-bug-fixes"]
== Important bug fixes

> * *ROX-7815*: Previously, when using {product-title-short} with the Compliance Operator integration, {product-title-short} did not respect or populate Compliance Operator `TailoredProfiles`. This has been fixed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *ROX-7815*: Previously, when using {product-title-short} with the Compliance Operator integration, {product-title-short} did not respect or populate Compliance Operator `TailoredProfiles`. This issue has been fixed.
```

* *ROX-7254*: Previously, the *Alpine Linux package manager (APK) in Image* policy looked for the presence of `apk` package in the image rather than the `apk-tools` package. This issue has been fixed.

[id="resolved-in-version-3671"]
=== Resolved in version 3.67.1

Release date: December 6, 2021

> * *ROX-8698*: In {product-title-short} 3.67.0, the TLS verification would fail when you integrated {product-title-short} with {ocp} OAuth server for {ocp} 4.8 and newer. This has been fixed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *ROX-8698*: In {product-title-short} 3.67.0, the TLS verification would fail when you integrated {product-title-short} with {ocp} OAuth server for {ocp} 4.8 and later. This issue has been fixed.
```
User `later` when referring to a subsequent software version or fix level. IBM style guide, (page358).
